# Dec-4-2017
 
 ## Agenda:
 1. Finalize list of contributors
 2. Introductions
 3. Github
 4. Overview of readiness section
 5. Outline Review and Revision
 6. Subsection owners
 7. Action Plan - Dependent on Master plan from Fred
 
 ## Attendees:
 Arushi, Joanna, Jamuna
 
 ## Discussion:
 1. Introductions - Joanna, Jamuna, Arushi
 2. Went through all the points in Agenda
 3. Subsection Owners: Joanna for Best Practices, Jamuna/Sanjeev will let us know offline
 
 ## Action Items:
 1. Confirm 2-3PM weekly call timing - Arushi
 2. Confirm github accounts from the people who could not join
 3. Confirm subsection owners

# Dec-19-2017

## Email after the meeting
### Subsection owners 
those who said, "I can contribute wherever needed", I have put you in the empty slots. Let me know if you need any changes:
1. Rob - Introduction
2. Jamuna/Sanjeev - Readiness Overview
3. Joanna - Best Practices
4. Arushi - Outcomes

### Weekly Meeting time 
to Wednesdays 2 PM-3PM as the final time of our meeting of this group. Those of you who cannot join the meeting but still wish to be a author, can do so via emails. I will take care of syncing your content.
 
### Immediate Action Items:
1. Arushi - Create subsection files on github and start syncing the content - done - please find them here. 
2. I will also put all your questions and discussion items on "Projects"->"Issues" for readiness subsection
3. Subsection owners- Please ensure that you have high level outline for your subsection, bullets/hyperlinks for content, rough sketches etc. by our next meeting on 3rd  January. In case, you are unable to contribute then please let me know the same on/by 27th December 2017.
4. New volunteers: Welcome Wendy, Alec and Pushkar - Please let us know which subsection would you like to lead or contribute? We are looking for co-leads for all the subsections. Request your response by tomorrow EOD.
5. Confirm if you will be authoring via emails or github.
 
# Jan-03-2018

## Agenda
1. Introduction of the new members
2. Status update from the subsection leads
3. Next deadline - 11th January
4. Resources - 
   A. https://www.ussm.gov/m3phase1/#.Wk0mLVSpmgQ
   B. https://s3.amazonaws.com/sitesusa/wp-content/uploads/sites/1041/2017/09/Phase-1-Playbook.pdf
   C. https://s3.amazonaws.com/sitesusa/wp-content/uploads/sites/1041/2017/08/Phase-1-Guidance.pdf
   D. https://www.ussm.gov/m3overview/#.Wk0mZlSpmgQ

## Action Items

# Jan-10-2018

## Agenda
1. Introduction of the new members
2. Walkthrough of Arushi's Jan 4 updates
3. Status update from the subsection leads
4. Discussion, review and feedback on flow and content headlines:
Wendy's Thoughts:
 A. Success depends on community, and security for participants.
 B. Agile structure - iterative approach allows recallibration
 C. Risks - How large will it get - data lake considerations, transaction processing considerations
 D. Is PMO the right approach? Agile more suited? Product owner + pools of stakeholders
 E. Setting expectations - Txns are not instantaneous

## Action Items
1. Arushi - Start writing sections and send to Wendy for review (Tuesday, considering Monday is a holiday)




